README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Starbucks Landing Page</h1> 
  
[LinkedIn]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-barrera-ramirez-b2a473204/
![license-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blueviolet)
![followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jbramirez03?style=social)

[mit]: https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/

## Summary

## Table of Contents

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Challenges](#challenges)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Future development](#future-development)
- [How to contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Link](#link)

## Usage

## Functionality

## Credits

Jason Barrera-Ramirez<br>
[<img aling="left" width="26px" alt="LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/128110957-497edff3-59dc-41d6-89bc-be7570e441fe.png">][linkedin]<br>

## License

This Project is covered by the [MIT] license

## Challenges

## Technologies

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="javascript" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110201-fd810d53-561a-490f-a690-1735d4479281.png">][javascript]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="CSS" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110242-a351f140-471c-4447-a513-91c2b8a166d7.png">][css]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="html" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110258-65db95d8-f35b-4a2d-a091-8051a6b6f4f2.png">][html]

[javascript]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript
[css]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS
[html]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML

## Features

## Future Development

## How to Contribute

Fork the Repo and make a pull request for code to be reviewed and considered for merge to main branch.

## Questions

If there are any questions about the project get in contact with me at my [Email](mailto:jason1287712@gmail.com)

## Link

This is the link to the live site on [Github](https://jbramirez03.github.io/Starbucks-landing/).

Commit message:

added info about site and gif going through functionality of site

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Starbucks Landing Page</h1> 
  
[LinkedIn]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-barrera-ramirez-b2a473204/
![license-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blueviolet)
![followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jbramirez03?style=social)

[mit]: https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/

## Summary

Simple landing page for a starbucks website, with ability to change background color through clicking individual drinks on site.

## Table of Contents

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Challenges](#challenges)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Future development](#future-development)
- [How to contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Link](#link)

## Usage

![Starbucks Landing Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/163909625-32d0f5a8-6c67-4a02-8c37-bfd906ce24e1.gif)

## Credits

Jason Barrera-Ramirez<br>
[<img aling="left" width="26px" alt="LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/128110957-497edff3-59dc-41d6-89bc-be7570e441fe.png">][linkedin]<br>

## License

This Project is covered by the [MIT] license

## Challenges

Creating a responsive web design and moving format of site around on specific web views.

## Technologies

[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="javascript" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110201-fd810d53-561a-490f-a690-1735d4479281.png">][javascript]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="CSS" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110242-a351f140-471c-4447-a513-91c2b8a166d7.png">][css]
[<img align="left" width="26px" alt="html" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82244776/132110258-65db95d8-f35b-4a2d-a091-8051a6b6f4f2.png">][html]
<br>

[javascript]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript
[css]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS
[html]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML

## Features

Responsive web design, dynamic color background, use of various css styling to create nav view on mobile and implement circular background design on site.

## Future Development

Create functional nav links, utilize a single page web format and create different elements to site such as viewing individual drink's info and caloric details.

## How to Contribute

Fork the Repo and make a pull request for code to be reviewed and considered for merge to main branch.

## Questions

If there are any questions about the project get in contact with me at my [Email](mailto:jason1287712@gmail.com)

## Link

This is the link to the live site on [Github](https://jbramirez03.github.io/Starbucks-landing/).
